what is going on guys and welcome to
episode 23 of my mind kept reminding
series in this episode is the 3d mods
now this is a really fantastic mod makes
your items 3d when you drop it but you
need something called let me figure it
out something called Quinn options so
you download it and put it into the mods
folder and then you're going to also
need for jazz well and yeah to install
the mod just put it into the into the
mods folder pretty much so let's
actually i'll give you a demonstration
throw it out you can see how big it is
but i actually change the setting by
going to escape options more options 3d
settings now you get that from Quinn
options now I put mine at two point O a
scalar goes from 0 point five to two so
you can so let's go back throw it out
now it just makes it really small which
looks weird but the fall one is one I
think oops and you can turn off and the
frame of the items on yeah it could
there's an item frame as well it's
actually get a block
see you can tell that that's 3d so
that's what the updated in that and
throw it out again and I'll just show
you the default on
so that's the default actually think in
my basement I don't know that's perfect
if you enjoyed this video then go ahead
and leave a like and also subscribe and
download this in the description and
there's a tutorial on that on the farm
page so thank you for watching please
subscribe thank you